# TextMA2_FinalProj_TsaiYunLi
## Introduction:
This is an unsupervised text classification problem dealing with the meta and textual review data for Nike's products sold on Amazon. In this project I figured out possible topics of the reviews through LDA (Latent Dirichlet Allocation) topic modeling, an unsupervised, generative statistical model, and then automatically classify the reviews into different topics by performing data clustering. With the results from these two steps, each topic was consolidated into a short summary of its content, including the name of representing products mapped from their ASINs (Amazon Standard Identification Numbers ) when possible. This enables me to extract actionable marketing and product insight of the Nike products sold on Amazon, in an attempt to help examine or improve Nike's marketing strategies on Amazon.

## Conclusion:
Through LDA topic modeling, data clustering, and a qualitative topic analysis of the review texts for Nike products sold on Amazon, we can tell that the reviews focus on approximately 10 major products: Nike basketball shoes, running shoes, training shoes, causal sneakers, slide sandals, thong sandals, socks, sports bra, duffle bags, and gymsacks. Customers particularly valued the comfort, quality, fit, and support provided by Nike products, with an emphasis on their sports footwear. Many also praised the brand's competitive pricing and accurate order fulfillment. Additionally, the fashionable design and appearance of their sandals and casual sneakers received notable appreciation. Some customers mentioned that they bought Nike products as gifts for their family members. Nevertheless, there are some negative reviews about some Nike footwear being too tight.

Therefore, it is important for Nike to maintain the comfort and good quality but improve the fit of their sports footwear. A slight increase in price for product improvement would likely be accepted by the customers. As for casual footwear, Nike should focus on style and design.

Since some customers bought Nike products as gifts for their family, Nike could focus their advertisement on school-starting days, graduate seasons, Christmas, and other special days. Tracking customers' and their family members' bithday and recommend Nike products to them near their birthdays would also likely be effective.

The most commonly reviewed and praised Nike products across the top 3 most common products for each topic are Nike Men's Benassi Swoosh Slide Sandal (counts 12), Nike Men's Downshifter 5 Running Shoes (counts 9), Nike Men's Revolution 2 Running Shoes (counts 7), Nike The Overplay VII Men's Basketball Shoe (counts 6), and Nike Women's Comfort Thong Sandal (counts 6). Thus, Nike could keep selling these products and make them the classics. In addition, modified edition of these products would likely guarantee good sale.

## Limitations and Discussion:
There are a few limitations in this project. First of all, the number and content of the topics might not perfectly suit the review data. I've tried a much smaller and much larger number of topic during the LDA topic modeling process. They resulted in topics that are seemingly too broad or too narrow. However, this judgement was made solely subjectively through reading the topic words and sampled reviews. A quantitative approach would definitely be a good compliment to my qualitative view. However, quantitative approaches for checking the topics are not taught in class. If I were to improve this project, I would take time to do some research in this area and further optimize the hyperparameters for LDA topic modeling.

Another major limitation is that I do not come from a marketing background. The product and marketing insight for the Nike product sold on Amazon derived from my analysis is merely from a lay man's perspective. I believe that a marketing expert might not totally agree with my suggestions for Nike's marketing strategy and would like to add a few more. In other words, the product and marketing insight I've extracted is solely based on the qualitative outputs of this project, without any professional knowledge of marketing. Therefore, one cannot take my suggestions for Nike too seriously. This is merely a programming exercise.

There are two minor concerns of the preprocessed review data. I have removed non-English words in the review texts to avoid inaccuracy in the topic modeling process. Nevertheless, I happen to see a possible inconsistency in a sampled review for topic 26: "ASIN: B0058XRDWM - Review: excelente la de tal se lo para". The other issue is that some of the review texts appear to include non-lemma like in " ASIN: B003NYUSPM - Review: er got g" in topic 23. Why and how do this failure of non-English word removal and problematic lemmatization occur? These are the two technical issues I could not solve in this project.

## Please let me know if you have any solution or suggestion for the limitations in this project!
## And please do not copy my text or code without proper citation, thank you!
